To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?	Saint Bernadette Soubirous
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?	a copper statue of Christ
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?	the Main Building
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?	a Marian place of prayer and reflection
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?	a golden statue of the Virgin Mary
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?	September 1876
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?	twice
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?	The Observer
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?	three
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?	1987
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?	Rome
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?	Moreau Seminary
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?	Old College
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?	Retired priests and brothers
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?	Buechner Prize for Preaching
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?	eight
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?	1920
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?	the College of Science
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?	five
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?	the 1870s
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?	Learning Resource Center
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?	five
What was created at Notre Dame in 1962 to assist first year students?	The First Year of Studies program
Which organization declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame "outstanding?"	U.S. News & World Report
The granting of Doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at Notre Dame?	1924
What type of degree is an M.Div.?	Master of Divinity
Which program at Notre Dame offers a Master of Education degree?	Alliance for Catholic Education
In what year was a Master of Arts course first offered at Notre Dame?	1854
Which department at Notre Dame is the only one to not offer a PhD program?	Department of Pre-Professional Studies
What institute at Notre Dame studies  the reasons for violent conflict?	Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies
What is the title of Notre Dame's Theodore Hesburgh?	President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame
In what year was the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies founded?	1986
To whom was John B. Kroc married?	Ray Kroc
What company did Ray Kroc own?	McDonald's
How many stories tall is the main library at Notre Dame?	14
What is the name of the main library at Notre Dame?	Theodore M. Hesburgh Library
In what year was the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library at Notre Dame finished?	1963
Which artist created the mural on the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library?	Millard Sheets
What is a common name to reference the mural created by Millard Sheets at Notre Dame?	Touchdown Jesus
How many incoming students did Notre Dame admit in fall 2015?	3,577
What percentage of students were admitted to Notre Dame in fall 2015?	19.7%
Where does Notre Dame rank in terms of academic profile among research universities in the US?	the top 10 to 15 in the nation
What percentage of students at Notre Dame participated in the Early Action program?	39.1%
How many miles does the average student at Notre Dame travel to study there?	more than 750 miles
Where did U.S. News & World Report rank Notre Dame in its 2015-2016 university rankings?	18th overall
Forbes.com placed Notre Dame at what position compared to other US research universities?	8th
The undergrad school at the Mendoza College of Business was ranked where according to BusinessWeek?	1st overall
In 2014 what entity named Notre Dame 10th best of all American universities?	USA Today
What percentage of Notre Dame students decide to study abroad?	57.6%
What person was the Director of the Science Museum at Notre Dame in the late 19th century?	Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C.
What was the lifespan of John Augustine Zahm?	1851–1921
What program did John Augustine Zahm come to co-direct at Nore Dame?	the Science Department
What book did John Zahm write in 1896?	Evolution and Dogma
What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame?	Professor of Chemistry and Physics
In what year did Albert Zahm begin comparing aeronatical models at Notre Dame?	1882
Which professor sent the first wireless message in the USA?	Professor Jerome Green
In what year did Jerome Green send his first wireless message?	Around 1899
Which individual worked on projects at Notre Dame that eventually created neoprene?	Father Julius Nieuwland
What did the brother of John Zahm construct at Notre Dame?	an early wind tunnel
Work on a germ-free-life ended up in the creation of which Notre Dame institute?	The Lobund Institute
Around what time did Lobund of Notre Dame become independent?	the 1940s
In what year did Lobund at Notre Dame become an Institute?	1950
The Lobund Institute was merged into the Department of Biology at Notre Dame in what year?	1958
When did study of a germ-free-life begin at Notre Dame?	1928
Gurian created what in 1939 at Notre Dame?	The Review of Politics
What was the Review of Politics inspired by?	German Catholic journals
Over how many years did Gurian edit the Review of Politics at Notre Dame?	44
Thomas Stritch was an editor of which publican from Notre Dame?	Review of Politics
Who was the president of Notre Dame in 2012?	John Jenkins
The Kellogg Institute for International Studies is part of which university?	Notre Dame
What does the Kroc Institute at Notre Dame focus on?	International Peace studies
In what year did Notre Dame begin to host the Global Adaptation Index?	2013
What threat does the Global Adaptation Index study?	climate change
How many undergrads were attending Notre Dame in 2014?	8,448
What percentage of students at Notre Dame are the children of former Notre Dame students?	21–24%
How many teams participate in the Notre Dame Bookstore Basketball tournament?	over 700
For what cause is money raised at the Bengal Bouts tournament at Notre Dame?	the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh
How many students in total were at Notre Dame in 2014?	12,179
What percentage of undergrads live on the Notre Dame campus?	80%
How many student housing areas are reserved for Notre Dame's graduate students?	four
How many dorms for males are on the Notre Dame campus?	15
What amount of the graduate student body at Notre Dame live on the campus?	20%
There are how many dorms for females at Notre Dame?	14
What is Congregation of Holy Cross in Latin?	Congregatio a Sancta Cruce
What percentage of Notre Dame students feel they are Christian?	more than 93%
How often is Catholic mass held at Notre Dame in a week?	over 100 times
How many chapels are on the Notre Dame campus?	Fifty-seven
What amount of the student body of Notre Dame identifies as Catholic?	over 80%
What was the music hall at Notre Dame called?	Washington Hall
In what year was the Main Building at Notre Dame razed in a fire?	1879
Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1879?	Rev. William Corby
On what date was the rebuilding of The Main Building begun at Notre Dame after the fire that claimed the previous?	17th of May
What did the Science Hall at Notre Dame come to be known as?	LaFortune Student Center
What type of education was pushed at Notre Dame before its embracing of national standards?	scholastic and classical
Which college did Notre Dame add in 1921?	College of Commerce
In 1919 a new president of Notre Dame was named, who was it?	Father James Burns
Over how many years did the change to national standards undertaken at Notre Dame in the early 20th century take place?	three years
Those who attended a Jesuit college may have been forbidden from joining which Law School due to the curricula at the Jesuit institution?	Harvard Law School
The Notre Dame football team got a new head coach in 1918, who was it?	Knute Rockne
What was the amount of wins Knute Rockne attained at Notre Dame while head coach?	105
In what year did the team lead by Knute Rockne win the Rose Bowl?	1925
How many years was Knute Rockne head coach at Notre Dame?	13
How many national titles were won when Knute Rockne coached at Notre Dame?	three
Catholic people identified with Notre Dame, what religious group did people feel Yale represented?	the Protestant establishment
Notre Dame students had a showdown in 1924 with which anti-catholic group?	the Ku Klux Klan
Which college president of Notre Dame is credited with preventing more confrontations between students and the KKK?	Fr. Matthew Walsh
What type of event did the Klan intend to have at Notre Dame in March of 1924?	a week-long Klavern
Where did Notre Dame students and the KKK have their encounter?	South Bend
Which person became vice-president of Notre Dame in 1933?	Father John Francis O'Hara
Who was the president of Notre Dame in 1934?	Father John Francis O'Hara
Irvin Abell was given what award by Notre Dame?	Laetare Medal
Which year was the Laetare Medal first given out at Notre Dame?	1883
For whos glory did Father O'Hara believed that the Notre Dame football team played?	God
Around the time that Rev. Cavanaugh became president of Notre Dame by how much did the undergrad student body of Notre Dame increase?	more than half
Which institute involving animal life did Cavanaugh create at Notre Dame?	Lobund Institute for Animal Studies
What is O'Shaughnessy Hall of Notre Dame formerly known as?	Hall of Liberal Arts
Which president did Notre Dame have in 1947?	Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C.
Outside of an institute studying animals, what other institute did Cavanugh create at Notre Dame?	Medieval Institute
What was the lifespan of Theodore Hesburgh?	1917–2015
In the time that Hesburgh was president of Notre Dame by what factor did the operating budget increase?	18
What was the size of the Notre Dame endowment when Theodore Hesburgh became president?	$9 million
During what years was Theodor Hesburgh president of Notre Dame?	1952–87
How many faculty members were at Notre Dame when Hesburgh left the role of president?	950
What type of educational institute is Hesburgh given credit for creating at Notre Dame?	coeducational
Which role did Charles Sheedy have at Notre Dame?	Dean of Arts and Letters
What title did Thomas Blantz have at Notre Dame?	Vice President of Student Affairs
In what year did Notre Dame have its earliest undergraduate that was female?	1971
With what institute did Notre Dame agree to an exchange program in the 1960s?	Saint Mary's College
During what years was Edward Malloy president of Notre Dame?	1987–2005
What was the SAT score, on average, at Notre Dame when Edward Malloy became president?	1240
When Malloy became president of Notre Dame what was the size of the endowment?	$350 million
When Malloy reached the end of his time as president how much annuals funding for research did Notre Dame have?	more than $70 million
The amount of professors at Notre Dame increased by what amount under Malloy?	500
When did John Jenkins become the president of Notre Dame?	2005
In terms of the amount of presidents Notre Dame has had, where is John Jenkins on the list?	17th
Who was the Notre Dame president that preceded John Jenkins?	Malloy
Which arena was constructed under Jenkins at Notre Dame?	Compton Family Ice Arena
How much money was spent on enhancing Notre Dame Stadium under John Jenkins?	$400m
Which congregation is in charge of the Old College at Notre Dame?	Congregation of Holy Cross
What structure is found on the location of the original church of Father Sorin at Notre Dame?	Basilica of the Sacred Heart
In which architectural style is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame made?	French Revival
Which individual painted the inside of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame?	Luigi Gregori
In what year was the Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes at Notre Dame constructed?	1896
Which person oversaw the creation of a science hall at Notre Dame in 1883?	Fr. Zahm
In what year did the student union building at Notre Dame get renamed to LaFortune Center?	1950
After which individual was the LaFortune Center Notre Dame named?	Joseph LaFortune
How large in square feet is the LaFortune Center at Notre Dame?	83,000 square feet
What is the annual budget of Notre Dame's LaFortune Center?	$1.2 million
How many halls are at Notre Dame that house students?	29
Which library was built at Notre Dame in 1963?	Theodore Hesburgh Library
How many books are housed at the Theodore Hesburgh Library?	almost 4 million
Construction for which hall started on March 8th 2007 at Notre Dame?	Duncan Hall
Which baseball stadium is found at Notre Dame?	Frank Eck Stadium
In what year did Notre Dame create the Office of Sustainability?	2008
What percentage of the food served at Notre Dame is locally grown?	40%
Notre Dame got a "B" for its sustainability practices from which entity?	Sustainable Endowments Institute
Gustavo Gutierrez is faculty of which institute?	Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies
In what year did Notre Dame first have a facility in England?	1968
At which location is the London Center operated by Notre Dame found?	1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square
Notre Dame has a center in Beijing, what is it referred to as?	Global Gateways
In what year did the Suffolk Street location start to house a Notre Dame facility?	1998
What was Notre Dame's first college?	The College of Arts and Letters
In what year was the The College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame created?	1842
In what year did the College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame grant its first degree?	1849
On which university did Notre Dame base its curriculum on?	Saint Louis University
How many BA majors does the College of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame offer?	33
Which president at Notre Dame created the College of Science?	Father Patrick Dillon
In what year was the Notre Dame College of Science formed?	1865
How many years long was a scientific course under Patrick Dillon at Notre Dame?	six years
Which hall at Notre Dame contains the current College of Science?	Jordan Hall of Science
How many undergrad students attend the College of Science at Notre Dame today?	over 1,200
In 1899 Notre Dame formed which college?	School of Architecture
In what building is the current School of Architecture housed at Notre Dame?	Bond Hall
What length is the course of study at the Notre Dame School of Architecture?	five-year
In which location do students of the School of Architecture of Notre Dame spend their 3rd year?	Rome
Which prestigious prize does the School of Architecture at Notre Dame give out?	Driehaus Architecture Prize
In what year did the opening of a theology library at Notre Dame occur?	2015
Where is the theology library at Notre Dame?	the first floor of Stanford Hall
How many books are held by the Notre Dame libraries?	over three million volumes
Currently where does Notre Dame's library rank in the nation?	one of the 100 largest
What caused many intellectual Catholics to leave europe in the 1930s?	The rise of Hitler and other dictators
From where did Anton-Hermann Chroust come to reach Notre Dame?	Germany
What field of study did Anton-Hermann Chroust specialize in?	classics and law
Who did Waldemar Gurian receive his tutelage under while seeking his doctorate?	Max Scheler
What was Ivan Meštrović known for being?	a renowned sculptor
The school known as Notre Dame is known by a more lengthy name, what is it?	University of Notre Dame du
What type of institution is the Notre Dame?	Catholic research university
The French words Notre Dame du Lac translate to what in English?	Our Lady of the Lake
Who is the patron saint of Notre Dame?	the Virgin Mary
How large is Notre Dame in acres?	1,250
What caused Notre Dame to become notable in the early 20th century?	its Fighting Irish football team
Which 20th century Notre Dame football coach is most notable?	Knute Rockne
Which athletic association are the student athletes at Notre Dame a part of?	NCAA Division I
How many students at Notre Dame received the Heisman Trophy?	seven
There were multiple students from Notre Dame who entered the Pro Football Hall of Fame, how many?	13
Where among US universities does Notre Dame rank?	among the top twenty
How many individual colleges are part of Notre Dame?	four
Which prize does the Architecture School at Notre Dame give out?	Driehaus Architecture Prize
How many doctorate and masters programs are available at Notre Dame?	more than 50
Which art museum does Notre Dame administer?	Snite Museum of Art
In what year was Father Edward Sorin given two years to create a college?	1842
Which individual offered land to Father Edward Sorin?	Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière
Which church was Father Edward Sorin representing?	the Congregation of the Holy Cross
On what date did brothers from Holy Cross arrive at the future location of Notre Dame?	November 26, 1842
Which structure was the first used for the purposes of the college?	Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel
In what year did the initial degrees get handed out at Notre Dame?	1849
In what year did the original Sorin built Main Building get replaced?	1865
Which individual began a library at Notre Dame?	Father Lemonnier
In what year had the library at Notre Dame reach 10,000 books?	1879
In what year was the library at Notre Dame started?	1873
Which television station finds its home at Notre Dame?	NDtv
How many programs did NDtv feature in 2002?	one show
Which radio station provides radio to the students of Notre Dame at 88.9 FM?	WSND-FM
Which internet radio station of Notre Dame is served as an internet stream?	WVFI
How much is Eddy Street Commons at Notre Dame expected to cost?	$215 million
When was ground broke on the Eddy Street Commons Project of Notre Dame?	June 3, 2008
Who is the developer of Eddy Street Commons?	Kite Realty
Which entity did Notre Dame hire to build a parking structure outside of Eddy Street Commons?	the City of South Bend
There were protested as a part of the construction at Eddy Street Commons, they came due tot he hiring of whom?	non-union workers
What does the acronym NCAA stand for?	National Collegiate Athletic Association
Which league did Notre Dame Fighting Irish teams participate in in 1982?	Horizon League
What when conference do the Notre Dame fencing teams take part in?	Midwest Fencing Conference
There is a conference that the male hockey team of Notre Dame competes in, what is it?	Hockey East
In what conference did the Fighting Irish take part in in 2012?	Big East Conference
To what conference did the Fighting Irish go after the Big East?	the ACC
How many teams in each season do the Fighting Irish commit to play against ACC opponents?	five
Where did the Fighting Irish hockey team compete prior to a move to Hockey East, in terms of conference?	Central Collegiate Hockey Association
What colors are the official ones used by Notre Dame in sport competition?	Navy Blue and Gold Rush
What type of mascot do the Notre Dame sport teams have?	Leprechaun
Who currently provides uniforms to Notre Dame sport teams?	Under Armour
What is the value of the contract between Under Armour and Notre Dame?	almost $100 million
When did the Notre Dame marching band form?	1846
What is notable about the Notre Dame marching band?	oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States
What is the Notre Dame fight song?	Notre Dame Victory March
Which team did Notre Dame's football team find inspiration from?	Michigan Wolverines football team
In what year did Notre Dame football begin?	1887
What university is Notre Dame tied with in terms of most Heisman Trophy winners?	Ohio State University
Against which team does Notre Dame compete for the Jeweled Shillelagh?	USC
In terms of Notre Dame students in the College Football Hall of Fame the amount of students named is what ?	the most
What notable football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920?	George Gipp
Against which opponent did Knute Rockne tell his team to "win one for the Gipper?"	the Army team
Which person portrayed Knute Rockne in the 1940 movie "Knute Rockne?"	Pat O'Brien
Ronald Reagan played the role of whom in 1940's "Knute Rockne?"	Gipp
How many seats are in Notre Dame Stadium?	80,795
What is displayed at Zahm House for football home games at Notre Dame?	two-story banner
What occurs at midnight preceding a football home game at Notre Dame?	the Drummers' Circle
From where does the Band of the Fighting Irish lead a march to the Notre Dame Stadium for football home games?	the steps of Bond Hall
What songs does the trumpet section of the Band of the Fighting Irish play preceding home football games?	the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater
On what day do Notre Dame home football games occur?	Saturday
How many wins does the Notre Dame men's basketball team have?	over 1,600
How many schools have a similar men's basketball record to Notre Dame in terms of wins?	12
How many NCAA tournaments did the Notre Dame men's basketball team take part in?	28
Which Notre Dame men's basketball player has the record for more points in one game?	Austin Carr
Who was the Notre Dame men's basketball coach in 2014?	Mike Brey
Who wrote the original lyrics to the Notre Dame Victory March?	John F. Shea
In what year did Michael J. Shea graduate from Notre Dame?	1904
Who is responsible for writing the music for "Notre Dame Victory March?"	Rev. Michael J. Shea
In what year did "Notre Dame Victory March" get copyrighted?	1928
To where are the loyal sons in "Notre Dame Fight Song" marching?	onward to victory
Ronald Reagan had a nickname, what was it?	The Gipper
In what film did a parody of the "Win one for the Gipper" speech appear?	Airplane!
Who starred as Daniel Ruettiger in the film Rudy?	Sean Astin
Which person was a former comrade to Ted Striker in the film Airplane!?	George Zipp
Pat O'Brien portrayed which person in the film Knute Rockne?	Knute Rockne
Which Secretary of State attended Notre Dame?	Condoleezza Rice
Which Notre Dame alum from the College of Science won a Nobel Prize?	Eric F. Wieschaus
Who is the current president of Notre Dame?	Rev. John Jenkins
Mariel Zagunis is notable for winning what?	Olympic gold
Which notable astronaut is known to have attended Notre Dame?	Jim Wetherbee
When did Beyonce start becoming popular?	in the late 1990s
What areas did Beyonce compete in when she was growing up?	singing and dancing
When did Beyonce leave Destiny's Child and become a solo singer?	2003
In what city and state did Beyonce  grow up?	Houston, Texas
In which decade did Beyonce become famous?	late 1990s
In what R&B group was she the lead singer?	Destiny's Child
What album made her a worldwide known artist?	Dangerously in Love
Who managed the Destiny's Child group?	Mathew Knowles
In what city did Beyonce grow up?	Houston
What was the name of Beyonce's first solo album?	Dangerously in Love
On what date was Beyonce born?	September 4, 1981
What is Beyonce's full name?	Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter
When did Beyoncé rise to fame?	late 1990s
What role did Beyoncé have in Destiny's Child?	lead singer
What was the first album Beyoncé released as a solo artist?	Dangerously in Love
When did Beyoncé release Dangerously in Love?	2003
How many Grammy awards did Beyoncé win for her first solo album?	five
What was Beyoncé's role in Destiny's Child?	lead singer
What was the name of Beyoncé's first solo album?	Dangerously in Love
When did Beyoncé release her first solo album?	2003
After her second solo album, what other entertainment venture did Beyonce explore?	acting
Which artist did Beyonce marry?	Jay Z
To set the record for Grammys, how many did Beyonce win?	six
For what movie did Beyonce receive  her first Golden Globe nomination?	Dreamgirls
When did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management?	2010
Which album was darker in tone from her previous work?	Beyoncé
After what movie portraying Etta James, did Beyonce create Sasha Fierce?	Cadillac Records
When did Destiny's Child end their group act?	June 2005
What was the name of Beyoncé's second solo album?	B'Day
What was Beyoncé's first acting job, in 2006?	Dreamgirls
Who is Beyoncé married to?	Jay Z
What is the name of Beyoncé's alter-ego?	Sasha Fierce
In her music, what are some recurring elements in them?	love, relationships, and monogamy
Time magazine named her one of the most 100 what people of the century?	influential
Which magazine declared her the most dominant woman musician?	Forbes
In which decade did the Recording Industry Association of America recognize Beyonce as the The Top Certified Artist?	2000s
What magazine rated Beyonce as the most powerful female musician in 2015?	Forbes
How did Beyonce describe herself as a feminist?	modern-day feminist
In which years did Time rate Beyonce in the 100 most influential people in the world?	2013 and 2014
How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career?	118 million
How many records did Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny's Child?	60 million
After leaving Destiny's Child, how many records did Beyoncé release under her own name?	118 million
How many Grammy awards has Beyoncé won?	20
What magazine named Beyoncé as the most powerful female musician for 2015?	Forbes
Beyonce's younger sibling also sang with her in what band?	Destiny's Child
Where did Beyonce get her name from?	her mother's maiden name
What race was Beyonce's father?	African-American
Beyonce's childhood home believed in what religion?	Methodist
Beyonce's father worked as a sales manager for what company?	Xerox
Beyonce's mother worked in what industry?	hairdresser and salon owner
What younger sister of Beyonce also appeared in Destiny's Child?	Solange
Beyonce is a descendent of what Arcadian leader?	Joseph Broussard
What company did Beyoncé's father work for when she was a child?	Xerox
What did Beyoncé's mother own when Beyoncé was a child?	salon
What is the name of Beyoncé's younger sister?	Solange
Beyoncé is a descendant of which Acadian leader?	Joseph Broussard.
Beyoncé was raised in what religion?	Methodist
What town did Beyonce go to school in?	Fredericksburg
Who was the first person to notice Beyonce's singing ability?	Darlette Johnson
Beyonce moved to which town after she left her first elementary school?	Houston
Which of her teachers discovered Beyonce's musical talent?	dance instructor Darlette Johnson
I which church was Beyonce  a member and soloist  in the choir?	St. John's United Methodist Church
What type of school was Parker Elementary School?	music magnet school
Which song did Beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7?	Imagine
What city was Beyoncé's elementary school located in?	Fredericksburg
What was the name of Beyoncé's first dance instructor?	Darlette Johnson
How old was Beyoncé when she won a school talent show?	seven
What choir did Beyoncé sing in for two years?	St. John's United Methodist Church
Who decided to place Beyonce's group in Star Search the talent show?	Arne Frager
In 1995, who decided to manage the girls singing group?	Beyoncé's father
Who was the first record label to give the girls a record deal?	Elektra Records
Who brought Beyonce to California and enter her group in Star Search?	Arne Frager
In what year did Beyonce's father quit his job to manage her group?	1995
What large record company recorded Beyonce's group's first album?	Sony Music
What record company first signed Beyonce's group and later cut them?	Elektra Records
At what age did Beyonce meet LaTavia Robertson?	age eight
How old was Beyoncé when she met LaTavia Roberson?	eight
What was the name of the first group Beyoncé was a part of?	Girl's Tyme
Who placed Girl's Tyme in Star Search?	Arne Frager
When did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group?	1995
Who signed the girl group on October 5, 1995?	Dwayne Wiggins's Grass Roots Entertainment
Which film featured Destiny's Child's first major single?	Men in Black
For which song, did Destiny's Child take home the grammy award for best R&B performance?	"Say My Name"
Who did Beyonce record with for the movie "The Best Man?"	Marc Nelson
Beyonce's group changed their name to Destiny's Child in what year?	1996
The name Destiny's Child was based on a quote in which book of the Bible?	Book of Isaiah
Debut song, "Killing Time" was featured on what movie's sound track?	Men in Black
What song won Best R&B Performance in the 43 Annual Grammy Awards?	Say My Name
What singer did Beyonce record a song with for the movie, ''The Best Man"?	Marc Nelson
Where did Destiny's Child get their name from?	Book of Isaiah.
Destiny's Child song, Killing Time, was included in which film's soundtrack?	Men in Black.
What was Destiny's Child's first major song hit?	No, No, No
When did Destiny's Child release their second album?	1999
Who did Beyoncé sing a duet with for "The Best Man" film?	Marc Nelson
What mental health issue did Beyonce go through?	depression
What event occured after she was publicly criticized?	boyfriend left her
Who supported Beyonce through her depression?	her mother
What event caused Beyonce's depression?	split with Luckett and Rober
How long was Beyonce depressed?	a couple of years
Who helped Beyonce fight her depression the most?	her mother
Who replaced Luckett and Roberson in Destiny's Child?	Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams.
Who was blamed for Luckett and Roberson leaving Destiny's Child?	Beyoncé
Who helped Beyoncé overcome her depression during the years following the Destiny's Child split?	her mother
Which newest member was removed from Destiny's Child?	Farrah Franklin
"Charlie's Angels" featured which single from the band members?	Independent Women Part I
How many weeks did their single "Independent Women Part I" stay on top?	eleven
For what network, did Beyonce land a major movie role in?	MTV
Their third album, Survivor, sold how many during its first week?	663,000 copies
What French composer wrote the original opera ''Carmen'' in the 19th century?	Georges Bizet
What album caused a lawsuit to be filed in 2001?	Survivor
Independent Women Part I was on which 2000 film's soundtrack?	Charlie's Angels.
Which film did Beyoncé star in 2001 with Mekhi Phifer?	Carmen: A Hip Hopera
What was the name of Destiny Child's third album?	Survivor
Who filed a lawsuit over Survivor?	Luckett and Roberson
When did Destiny's Child announce their hiatus?	October 2001
Who did Beyonce star with in the movie, "Austin Powers in Goldmember"?	Mike Myers
Which three countries did Beyonce's song "Work It Out" achieve top ten status?	UK, Norway, and Belgium
Beyonce starred with Cuba Gooding Jr. in which film?	The Fighting Temptations
Who did Beyonce record the lead single with in the movie "The Fighting Temptations"?	Missy Elliott
Which other song from the soundtrack did better in the charts?	Summertime
What film did Beyonce appear in with Mike Myers?	Austin Powers in Goldmember
What large amount did the movie "Goldmember" gross?	73 million
What genre of movie did Beyonce star in with Cuba Gooding, Jr?	musical comedy
What song was the lead single from the film's sound track?	Fighting Temptations
How did the critics view the movie, ''The Fighting Temptations''?	mixed reviews
What film did Beyoncé star in with Mike Myers in 2002?	Austin Powers in Goldmember
What was Beyoncé's character called in Austin Powers in Goldmember?	Foxxy Cleopatra
Which song did Beyoncé release as the lead single for Austin Powers in Goldmember's soundtrack?	Work It Out
What musical comedy did Beyoncé star in along with Cuba Gooding, Jr. in 2003?	The Fighting Temptations
What song did Beyoncé release as the lead single from The Fighting Tempations?	Fighting Temptations
What was the highest Beyonce's first solo recording achieved in the Billboard Hot 100?	number four
Beyonce's first album by herself was called what?	Dangerously in Love
How many has "Dangerously in Love" sould worldwide since its debut?	11 million
Beyonce's first number one song was which song?	Crazy in Love
How many top five singles came from her first album?	four
Beyonce's first solo album in the U.S. with what artist in the lead single?	Jay Z
What solo album did Beyonce release in 2003?	Dangerously in Love
The album, Dangerously in Love  achieved what spot on the Billboard Top 100 chart?	number four
"The Closer I get to You" was recorded with which artist?	Luther Vandross
Which artist was associated with Beyoncé's premiere solo recording?	Jay Z
When did Beyoncé release her first solo album?	June 24, 2003
What is the lead single on Beyoncé's first album?	Crazy in Love
Who helped Beyoncé earn a Grammy award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group at the 46th annual Grammy Awards?	Luther Vandross.
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 46th Grammy's Awards?	five.
Destiny's Child's final album was named what?	Destiny Fulfilled
Destiny's Child got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in what year?	2006
In what year did Beyonce embark on her Dangerously in Love tour of Europe?	November 2003
What was the name of the final album of Destiny's Child?	Destiny Fulfilled
It was announced that Destiny's Child would  disban in what European city?	Barcelona
When did Destiny's Child get their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?	March 2006
What was the name of Beyoncé's European start that started in November 2003?	Dangerously in Love Tour
Who did Beyoncé tour with for the Verizon Lades First Tour?	Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys
What major event did Beyoncé perform at on February 1, 2004?	Super Bowl XXXVIII
What is the name of the final studio album from Destiny's Child?	Destiny Fulfilled.
How many albums did Beyonce sell in the first week when she released her second album?	541,000
The lead single from the album was which song?	Déjà Vu
How many countries did her song "Irreplaceable" get number one status in?	five
How many singles did her second album produce?	five
What birthday did Beyonce's album B'Day celebrate?	twenty-fifth birthday
What artist did Beyonce duet with in the single, "Deja Vu''?	Jay Z
How high did ''Deja Vu'' climb on the Billboard chart?	top five
What is the name of Beyoncé's second album?	B'Day
How many copies did B'Day sell during the first week of its release?	541,000
Who collaborated with Beyoncé on the single, Deja Vu?	Jay Z
Which single from B'Day was only released in the U.K.?	Green Light
What movie did Beyonce act in 2006?	The Pink Panther
Her second movie Beyonce did was what film?	Dreamgirls
The single, "Listen" was featured in which movie?	Dreamgirls
Beyonce's first world tour was when?	2007
How much money did Beyonce's tour make in 2007?	24 million
How many millions of dollars did ''The Pink Panther'' gross world-wide?	158.8 million
What did Beyonce call her first concert tour?	The Beyoncé Experience
Who was Beyonce's duet with in ''Beautiful Liar''?	Shakira
Which film did Beyoncé star with Steve Martin in?	The Pink Panther
Beyoncé's role in Dreamgirls was based on what pop singer?	Diana Ross.
What was the lead single for the Dreamgirls soundtrack?	Listen
What was the name of Beyoncé's first international tour?	The Beyoncé Experience
What pop singer did a duet with Beyoncé on Beautiful Liar?	Shakira
Beyonce got married in 2008 to whom?	Jay Z
Her third album, "I am...Sasha Fierce" was released when?	November 18, 2008
For which decade, did Beyonce have more top ten songs than any other woman?	2000s
Which singer beat out Beyonce for best video performance?	Taylor Swift
In 2009, Beyonce started her second world tour and grossed how much money?	119.5 million
How did she reveal the marriage?	in a video montage
When did Beyonce begin her second world tour?	March 2009
Who beat out Beyonce for Best Female Video ?	Taylor Swift
How much did the second world tour make in dollars?	119.5 million
When did Beyoncé get married?	April 4, 2008
Who did Beyoncé marry?	Jay Z.
Who is Beyoncé's alter ego?	Sasha Fierce
The video for what song won Beyoncé the 2009 MTV Video of the Year award?	Single Ladies
Which prominent star felt the 2009 Female Video of the Year award should have went to Beyoncé instead of Taylor Swift?	Kanye West
Beyonce portrayed which character in the film, Cadillac Records?	Etta James
Beyonce gave her entire salary from Cadillac Records to which organization?	Phoenix House
Which song did Beyonce sing at the first couple's inaugural ball?	At Last
What genre of film was the movie, Obsessed, in which Beyonce starred in?	thriller
A fight scene from the movie, Obsessed, won which award for Beyonce?	MTV Movie Award for Best Fight
Where did Beyonce donate her salary from the movie Cadillac Records?	Phoenix House
What thriller film did Beyonce star in?	Obsessed
What was the name of the woman she played in Obsessed?	Sharon Charles
How much more that the buget did the film gross?	60 million
Which singer did Beyoncé portray in Cadillac Records?	Etta James
Which organization received Beyoncé's entire Cadillac Records salary?	Phoenix House
Where did Beyoncé perform on January 20, 2009?	the First Couple's first inaugural ball.
Which thriller film did Beyoncé star in with Ali Larter?	Obsessed.
How many awards was Beyonce nominated for at the 52nd Grammy Awards?	ten
Beyonce tied with which artist for most nominations by a female artist?	Lauryn Hill
In 2010, Beyonce worked with which other famous singer?	Lady Gaga
How many number one singles did Beyonce now have after the song "Telephone"?	six
Beyonce tied who for most number one singles by a female?	Mariah Carey
Beyonce received how many nominations at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards?	ten nominations
What song was the sixth first place song for Beyonce?	Telephone
Who else appeared with Beyonce in Telephone?	Lady Gaga
Who did they tie with for six top songs?	Mariah Carey
Who did Beyonce tie with for the most nominations in a year?	Lauryn Hill
How many nominations did Beyoncé receive at the 52nd Grammy Awards ceremony?	ten
Who did Beyoncé tie with for the most Grammy nominations for female artists?	Lauryn Hill
Beyoncé was a featured artist on which singer's hit, Telephone?	Lady Gaga
Who did Beyoncé and Lady Gaga tie with for the most number one hits since 1992?	Mariah Carey
Beyonce would take a break from music in which year?	2010
Which year did Beyonce and her father part business ways?	2010
Which famous landmark did Beyonce see in China?	the Great Wall of China
In what year did Beyonce have her hiatus?	2010
Who inspired this hiatus?	her mother
When did she stop using her father as a manager?	During the break
How long did the hiatus last?	nine months
What did Beyoncé announce in January 2010?	a hiatus
Who suggested the hiatus for Beyoncé?	her mother
Who did Beyoncé part ways with during her hiatus?	her father
How long did her hiatus last?	nine months
In which year was reports about Beyonce performing for Muammar Gaddafi surface?	2011