Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ?	You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .
You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness .	What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax .	Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ?	I guess you are right.But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .
I guess you are right.But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home .	I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends .	That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong.Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play pingpong.Perhaps we can make a foursome with them .	Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us.That is excellent exercise and fun , too .
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us.That is excellent exercise and fun , too .	Good.Let ' s go now .
Good.Let ' s go now .	All right .
Can you do push-ups ?	Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute .
Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute .	Really ? I think that's impossible !
Really ? I think that's impossible !	You mean 30 push-ups ?
You mean 30 push-ups ?	Yeah !
Yeah !	It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too .
Can you study with the radio on ?	No , I listen to background music .
No , I listen to background music .	What is the difference ?
What is the difference ?	The radio has too many comerials .
The radio has too many comerials .	That's true , but then you have to buy a record player .
Are you all right ?	I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire .
I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire .	Don't worry.He is an acrobat 。
Don't worry.He is an acrobat 。	I see .
Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ?	Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates .
Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates .	What position do you play ?
What position do you play ?	I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense .
I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense .	Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself .
Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself .	Oh , yeah ? Which team ?
Oh , yeah ? Which team ?	The Rockets .
The Rockets .	Really ? I think we play you guys next week . Well , I have to go to practice . See you later .
Really ? I think we play you guys next week . Well , I have to go to practice . See you later .	All right , see you later .
Hey Lydia , what are you reading ?	I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling !
I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling !	What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ?
What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ?	It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ?
It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ?	January 5th .
January 5th .	Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers !
Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers !	That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .
That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense .	No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize .
No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize .	Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ?
Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ?	A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you !
Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?
Is he really ?	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .
Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	Who is he marring ?
Who is he marring ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .
A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	Have they set a date for the wedding ?
Have they set a date for the wedding ?	Not yet .
I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs .	That ’ s right , we bought it the same day we came on the market .
That ’ s right , we bought it the same day we came on the market .	What kind of house is it ?
What kind of house is it ?	It ’ s a wonderful Spanish style .
It ’ s a wonderful Spanish style .	Oh , I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses .
Oh , I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses .	And it ’ s a bargaining . A house like this in river side costs double the price .
And it ’ s a bargaining . A house like this in river side costs double the price .	Great , is it a two bedroom house ?
Great , is it a two bedroom house ?	No , it has three bedrooms and three beds , and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling . There ’ s a two-car garage .
No , it has three bedrooms and three beds , and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling . There ’ s a two-car garage .	That ’ s a nice area too . It ’ ll be a good investment for you .
That ’ s a nice area too . It ’ ll be a good investment for you .	Yeas , when will you buy a house ?
Yeas , when will you buy a house ?	Not untill the end of this year , you know , just before my wedding .
Not untill the end of this year , you know , just before my wedding .	Right , congratulations .
Right , congratulations .	Thank you .
Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?
What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she's around .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she's around .	For example ?
For example ?	Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .	No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .	It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .	My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .
My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .	You said she used to ? How did you stop her ?
You said she used to ? How did you stop her ?	We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing , and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she'd let us do our things . She understood , and now everything is a lot more peaceful .
We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizing , and how we welcomed her advice but hoped she'd let us do our things . She understood , and now everything is a lot more peaceful .	That sounds like a good idea . I'll have to try that .
How are Zina's new programmers working out ?	I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius .
I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius .	So you'll make the Stars.com deadline , and have us up and running next week ?
So you'll make the Stars.com deadline , and have us up and running next week ?	It'll be close , but we'll make it .
It'll be close , but we'll make it .	Good . After Stars.com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore .
Good . After Stars.com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore .	And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either .
Do you like cooking ?	Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold .
Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold .	Why do you like it ?
Why do you like it ?	I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food .
I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food .	That's wonderful !
That's wonderful !	And I love trying new recipes , which I usually test with my friends . You can come , too .
And I love trying new recipes , which I usually test with my friends . You can come , too .	Really ? I hope I can have a chance to taste it . Don't forget to tell me .
Really ? I hope I can have a chance to taste it . Don't forget to tell me .	Certainly .
Anyone home ? Jen !	I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in !
I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in !	Wow ! You're really working up a storm !
Wow ! You're really working up a storm !	I know . I've even worked up a sweat .
I know . I've even worked up a sweat .	You look like a cooking show host--only messier .
You look so tan and healthy !	Thanks . I just got back from summer camp .
Thanks . I just got back from summer camp .	How was it ?
How was it ?	Great . I got to try so many things for the first time .
Great . I got to try so many things for the first time .	Like what ?
Like what ?	I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding .
I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding .	I ’ m so jealous .
I ’ m so jealous .	The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes !
Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ?	It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume .
It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume .	I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that .
I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that .	That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same .
Ah , ah , ah ...	All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .
All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .	Jog ?
Jog ?	Then , you are to walk to work .
Then , you are to walk to work .	Walk ?
Walk ?	Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .	Oh no .
Oh no .	Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Use the stairs , never the elevator .	Oh , dear .
Oh , dear .	And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .	Oh no .
Oh no .	OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class .
OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class .	Dance class ! I don't know how .
Dance class ! I don't know how .	You will .
You will .	Oh ...
Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday .	Oh where was that ?
Oh where was that ?	I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track .
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track .	Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods .
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods .	Well , it pays off for her.How old is she anyway ?
Well , it pays off for her.How old is she anyway ?	She will be 86 next month .
She will be 86 next month .	That is truly amazing !
I would like to register for a class today .	No problem , what class would you like to take ?
No problem , what class would you like to take ?	I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy .
I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy .	There are two classes that are still open .
There are two classes that are still open .	Which days are these classes on ?
Which days are these classes on ?	The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three .
The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three .	What about the other class ?
What about the other class ?	The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12 .
The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12 .	Are you sure there are no more open classes ?
Are you sure there are no more open classes ?	I'm positive .
I'm positive .	Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday .
Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday .	Okay , I'll sign you up .
Dad , why are you taping the windows ?	Honey , a typhoon is coming .
Honey , a typhoon is coming .	Really ? Wow , I don't have to go to school tomorrow .
Really ? Wow , I don't have to go to school tomorrow .	Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food .
Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food .	OK . Dad ! I'm coming .
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia .	Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .
Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan .	To me English is a difficult language .
To me English is a difficult language .	A second language is always difficult .
A second language is always difficult .	True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language .
True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language .	A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?
A crazy language ? Why do you say that ?	One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings .	No wonder you say English is a crazy language .
Can I help you ?	I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .	I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ?
I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ?	My paper is on the influence of television on children .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .	There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .	Thank you for you help .
Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ?	Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .
Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run .	What ’ s the score ?
What ’ s the score ?	Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base .
Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base .	So Baltimore is winning ?
So Baltimore is winning ?	Right .
Right .	This is a really great place to watch a baseball game .
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game .	Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place .
Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place .	The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia .
The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia .	It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game .
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game .	Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ’ s favorite pastime .
How do you like the pizza here ?	Perfect . It really hits the spot .
Do you have a light ?	Sorry , I don't smoke .
I was scared stiff of giving my first performance .	Were you ? your performance was excellent .
Were you ? your performance was excellent .	Thank you for your kindly words .
Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera ?	Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ?
Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ?	This one .
This one .	Do I have to focus it ?
Do I have to focus it ?	No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button .
No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button .	All right . Say cheese !
Every country should face the history .	Yeah , we don ’ t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history .
Yeah , we don ’ t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history .	Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first .
Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first .	But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history .
But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history .	I believe such things won ’ t be realized , just daydreaming .
Do you like traveling , Kathy ?	I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...
I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ...	Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving .
Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving .	Exactly .
Your house is too small . Why not buy a big one .	I do wish I could afford one .
I do wish I could afford one .	You can get a loan from the bank . You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases .
You can get a loan from the bank . You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases .	Of course I know that . But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing ?
How do you do , Prof.Smith .	How do you do , Ms . Yang.You speak very good English .
How do you do , Ms . Yang.You speak very good English .	Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child .
Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child .	Where did you learn it ?
Where did you learn it ?	At school , in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country .
At school , in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country .	It's amazing .
Do you want black or white coffee ?	White , please
White , please	Look ! there's a Folk concert tomorrow evening . Do you Want to go ?
Look ! there's a Folk concert tomorrow evening . Do you Want to go ?	I don't like Folk music very much .
I don't like Folk music very much .	What kind of music do you like ?
What kind of music do you like ?	I like classical music . Do you ?
I like classical music . Do you ?	Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep
Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep	I don't believe you .
I don't believe you .	It ’ s true .
It ’ s true .	You are funny !
You are funny !	So are you ! How about another coffee ?
What do you like to do in your spare time ?	I like playing chess .
I like playing chess .	Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ?
Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ?	I'm afraid not .
I'm afraid not .	Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that ?
Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that ?	Oh , yes . I like playing basketball .
Oh , yes . I like playing basketball .	Can you tell me why you like it ?
Can you tell me why you like it ?	Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others .
Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere .	Haven't you heard that he is in prison ?
Haven't you heard that he is in prison ?	What ? Beg your pardon .
What ? Beg your pardon .	John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing .
John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing .	I just cann't believe my ears !
Can I help you ?	I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .
I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look .	I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on ?
I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on ?	My paper is on the influence of television on children .
My paper is on the influence of television on children .	There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .
There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television .	Thank you for you help .
Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ?	Well , I have the day off from work .
Well , I have the day off from work .	That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ?
That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ?	Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy .
Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy .	Sounds nice .
Sounds nice .	Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies .
Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies .	Can I stop by ?
Can I stop by ?	Sure . Any time .
You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ?	Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think ?
Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think ?	I don ’ t think you ’ re right there .
I don ’ t think you ’ re right there .	I believe industry is making us wealthier .
I believe industry is making us wealthier .	I don ’ t believe that .
I don ’ t believe that .	And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier .
And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier .	I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we ?
I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we ?	I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago .
I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago .	That ’ s your opinion not mine .
What do you plan to do for your birthday ?	I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum .
I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum .	How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it .
How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it .	OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home .
How may I help you ?	I would like to return this book .
I would like to return this book .	Is that all you need ?
Is that all you need ?	I also want to check out this video .
I also want to check out this video .	Is that all you would like to check out ?
Is that all you would like to check out ?	That ’ s all I need .
That ’ s all I need .	Do you have your library card ?
Do you have your library card ?	Here it is .
Here it is .	Make sure to take proper care of this video .
Make sure to take proper care of this video .	That won ’ t be a problem .
That won ’ t be a problem .	If you damage the video , you will be fined .
If you damage the video , you will be fined .	I won ’ t damage it .
What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable .	It's us .
It's us .	What do you mean by us .
What do you mean by us .	Well , you always say you're busy .
Well , you always say you're busy .	That's right .
That's right .	And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself .
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself .	I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me .
I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me .	Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it .
Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it .	You mean I am groaned a few words ?
You mean I am groaned a few words ?	Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage .
Hi , Mary . You look pale today . What's the matter with you ?	I think I've caught a cold . Now I'm aching all over .
I think I've caught a cold . Now I'm aching all over .	You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon .
You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon .	Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .	Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .	How about the new bar across road ?
How about the new bar across road ?	Sounds good . The food there is fantastic , too .
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic , too .	I agree , I had lunch there last week .
I agree , I had lunch there last week .	excellent ! That sounds like a plan .
Could you tell me the right time , please ?	Well . My watch says five past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days .
Well . My watch says five past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days .	You have to go and fix it .
You have to go and fix it .	Yes . I will .
does your family have a record of your ancestors ?	sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for years . She ’ s always updating it .
sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for years . She ’ s always updating it .	do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it .
do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it .	I can show it to you now , if you like . I think it goes back about 8 generations so far .
I can show it to you now , if you like . I think it goes back about 8 generations so far .	that ’ s amazing . Do you have a large extended family ?
that ’ s amazing . Do you have a large extended family ?	I ’ Ve got 30 cousins on my mom ’ s side and 10 cousins on my dad ’ s side .
I ’ Ve got 30 cousins on my mom ’ s side and 10 cousins on my dad ’ s side .	are you very close to your first-cousins ?
are you very close to your first-cousins ?	the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m older , I don ’ t spend as much time with them as I used to , so I don ’ t know my younger cousins as well as the older ones .
the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m older , I don ’ t spend as much time with them as I used to , so I don ’ t know my younger cousins as well as the older ones .	I see . who ’ s the head of your household ?
I see . who ’ s the head of your household ?	it ’ s definitely my mother . And , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family .
it ’ s definitely my mother . And , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family .	that ’ s interesting . What does your grandfather think of your step-mother ?
that ’ s interesting . What does your grandfather think of your step-mother ?	at first , she was quite critical of her , but now that they ’ Ve been married for a few years , she ’ s starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother .
at first , she was quite critical of her , but now that they ’ Ve been married for a few years , she ’ s starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother .	that ’ s pretty much how you feel about your step-mother . Like grandmother , like grandson .
Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ?	Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ?
Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ?	How about tomorrow afternoon ?
How about tomorrow afternoon ?	Sure . Where shall I meet you ?
Sure . Where shall I meet you ?	At the gate of the park .
At the gate of the park .	Great . I look forward to meeting you .
Great . I look forward to meeting you .	See you then .
See you then .	See you .
I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it ?	Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team .
Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team .	Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski ?
Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski ?	Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration .
Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration .	Could you move smoothly ?
Could you move smoothly ?	Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind .
Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind .	What happened afterwards ?
What happened afterwards ?	I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was .
I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was .	Poor girl !
You look pale recently .	Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have tobe wrapped upon my work .
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have tobe wrapped upon my work .	Take good care of yourself .
Take good care of yourself .	Thank you . I will .
Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ?	About David ? No , I didn ’ t hear anything .
About David ? No , I didn ’ t hear anything .	You know , about David and his new boss .
You know , about David and his new boss .	Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you .
Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you .	Well , I heard David has been fired .
Well , I heard David has been fired .	Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working .
how do you usually get to school ?	I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ?
I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ?	I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car .
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car .	I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution !
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution !	I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient .
I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient .	cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment .
cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment .	do you have a car ?
do you have a car ?	no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it .
no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it .	maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it .
maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it .	you could try . It would save you a lot of money .
you could try . It would save you a lot of money .	that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs .
that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs .	if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too !
if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too !	I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere !
I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere !	let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price .
let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price .	sounds good ! Let's go !
What's wrong with him ?	His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party .
What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ?	Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot .
Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot .	You are going to take courses ?
You are going to take courses ?	Yes . I am going to take some university courses there .
Yes . I am going to take some university courses there .	Sounds hard .
Sounds hard .	Yes , but I think it's probably for the best .
Yes , but I think it's probably for the best .	Won ’ t you get lonely ?
Won ’ t you get lonely ?	Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something .
Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ?	Well , do you think I have to ?
Well , do you think I have to ?	I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days .
I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days .	Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon .
Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon .	Good.So we don't have to work.How nice !
Good.So we don't have to work.How nice !	But I don't think it's so nice .
But I don't think it's so nice .	Why ?
Why ?	The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week .
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week .	Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain .
On , darn . The grocery store is closed .	Yeah , this one closes at ten . We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth .
Yeah , this one closes at ten . We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth .	Alright . We are out of everything .
Alright . We are out of everything .	I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day .
I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day .	I know , our schedules are so weird . Sometimes , the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that ’ s open when we get home .
I know , our schedules are so weird . Sometimes , the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that ’ s open when we get home .	Yeah , and the prices there are very high .
Yeah , and the prices there are very high .	I know . Three dollars for milk .
Do you think they two will get married ?	You can count on it .
You can count on it .	I think so.Yes , they get along so well .
I think so.Yes , they get along so well .	I like him.He ' s good for her .
I like him.He ' s good for her .	You're right . He sure is .
Dad , where are we off to ?	First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum .
First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum .	Where are we going to have a drink ?
Where are we going to have a drink ?	There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ?
There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ?	Yes ?
Yes ?	That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank .
That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank .	Good . I will have hot chocolate .
Good . I will have hot chocolate .	A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green .
A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green .	When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you .
When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you .	Sorry . How far is the museum ?
Sorry . How far is the museum ?	I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop .
I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop .	Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks .
How about going to the cinema tonight ?	That's great . What's on tonight ?
That's great . What's on tonight ?	I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .	Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .	Don't you think it's too bloody ?
Don't you think it's too bloody ?	On the contrary , very exciting .
I feel so uncomfortable .	Are you sick ?
Are you sick ?	No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge .
No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge .	He ’ ll finish writing in a minute .
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo .	Really ? Are you sure ?
Really ? Are you sure ?	Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back .
Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back .	Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot !
Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot !	Really ?
Really ?	Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink .
Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink .	Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something .
Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something .	I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic .
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic .	Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing !
Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ?	It's a portable TV . It's a popular thing now .
It's a portable TV . It's a popular thing now .	Oh , that's new to me . So what's on everyday ?
Oh , that's new to me . So what's on everyday ?	News about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on .
News about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on .	Is there anything interesting ?
Is there anything interesting ?	Yes , there are something good and informative . I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education .
Yes , there are something good and informative . I think that many people underestimate the value of TV in education .	I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ?
I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ?	Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs .
Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs .	That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ?
That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ?	Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals .
Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals .	I got it . Do you pay for the programs ?
I got it . Do you pay for the programs ?	Yes , 50 Yuan per month .
Oh , no !	How dreadful !
How dreadful !	Look at the view from the window .
Look at the view from the window .	Oh , dear . That ’ s terrible . Not at all what I expected .
Oh , dear . That ’ s terrible . Not at all what I expected .	It ’ s awful , isn ’ t it ?
It ’ s awful , isn ’ t it ?	I can ’ t bear to look at it . I ’ m rather disappointed .
I can ’ t bear to look at it . I ’ m rather disappointed .	It can ’ t be helped .
What do you do in your free time , Nancy ?	Well , I like playing the violin .
Well , I like playing the violin .	Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ?
Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ?	About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school .
About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school .	That's really interesting .
That's really interesting .	Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?
Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ?	Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though .
Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though .	Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby .
How can I tell her about this ?	Don't worry , you'll find a way .
Don't worry , you'll find a way .	There is no need to be so frustrated .
There is no need to be so frustrated .	How can you live without job in the future ?
How can you live without job in the future ?	Don't worry , you'll find a way .
What sports do you like to play ?	I like baseball and basketball .
I like baseball and basketball .	How about football ?
How about football ?	In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger .
In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger .	It's a very popular game in America .
It's a very popular game in America .	Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ?
Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ?	For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play .
For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play .	Are you a football player ?
Are you a football player ?	No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football .
No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football .	What is two hand touch and flag football ?
What is two hand touch and flag football ?	Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing .
Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing .	I see . It's safer then right ?
I see . It's safer then right ?	Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us .
Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us .	I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together .
I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together .	Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning .
Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning .	Great .
What upsets you ?	My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s . Easier said then done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date .
My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s . Easier said then done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date .	It is not your mother finding one for you ?
It is not your mother finding one for you ?	I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl .
I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl .	Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type .
Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type .	You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol , I hate that idea .
You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol , I hate that idea .	No , there is an updated virgin , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes .
No , there is an updated virgin , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes .	I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time .
I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time .	I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight .
I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight .	Anyway , I don ’ t want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that .
Anyway , I don ’ t want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that .	Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications . Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher .
Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications . Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher .	I don ’ t want to post my personal information on the internet . I ’ m not knowing who is reading it .
Are you going to the party on Saturday ?	I was thinking about it . Are you ?
I was thinking about it . Are you ?	Yeah , I heard it's going to be a lot of fun .
Yeah , I heard it's going to be a lot of fun .	Really ? Well , what time does it start ?
Really ? Well , what time does it start ?	It starts at 8
It starts at 8	Well , who all is going to be there ?
Well , who all is going to be there ?	Everyone from school .
Everyone from school .	How do you know it's going to be so fun ?
How do you know it's going to be so fun ?	This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .
This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks .	Wow , that does sound like it's going to be fun .
Wow , that does sound like it's going to be fun .	So am I going to see you at the party ?
So am I going to see you at the party ?	Yeah , I will be there .
Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades ?	Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern ?
Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern ?	Am I failing ?
Am I failing ?	Let's go on the computer to see what's up . Do you think you are doing well ?
Let's go on the computer to see what's up . Do you think you are doing well ?	I am pretty sure that I am in trouble .
I am pretty sure that I am in trouble .	I can see that you are trying , but where do you think you could improve ?
I can see that you are trying , but where do you think you could improve ?	I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis .
I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis .	Having a regular study routine and following it is very important , right ?
Having a regular study routine and following it is very important , right ?	I'll try ; it's hard !
I'll try ; it's hard !	Thanks for stopping by !
Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you !	Thanks .
I'll never ever work together with him !	What happened ? Quarrel again ?
What happened ? Quarrel again ?	Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please !
Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please !	Don't ask me . I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel .
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated !	What ? What did you buy ?
What ? What did you buy ?	It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it !	What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ?	There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick .
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick .	And ?
And ?	So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks .	And it's a brick ?
And it's a brick ?	Yes .
Yes .	I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ?	I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new .	So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic .	Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new .	But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ?	He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen .	Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !
Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated !	C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box .	That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks .	You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ?
Is the clock right ?	I'm afraid it gains a little .
I'm afraid it gains a little .	By how many minutes ?
By how many minutes ?	Two .
Hey , Mary , what's up ?	Just so so . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time , so we decided to meet again tonight .
Just so so . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time , so we decided to meet again tonight .	Oh , that's exciting . What does this guy look like ? Is he hot ?
Oh , that's exciting . What does this guy look like ? Is he hot ?	Well , I didn't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! And we have so much in common . We like the same team , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends .
Well , I didn't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! And we have so much in common . We like the same team , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends .	It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ?
It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ?	There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have radar helping me spot new friends .
There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have radar helping me spot new friends .	Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would say honesty .
Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would say honesty .	I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need .
I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need .	Yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either .
What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good .	Yeah , my head hurts , that ’ s all . I ’ Ve been in physics class all day . It ’ s killer !
Yeah , my head hurts , that ’ s all . I ’ Ve been in physics class all day . It ’ s killer !	I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .
I liked physics . It ’ s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	Yeah , yeah , but today ’ s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .
Yeah , yeah , but today ’ s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me .
A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me .	It ’ s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ’ s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff .
It ’ s all religion . Take the theory of the Big Bang.How is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? That ’ s no better than Atlas carrying the globe on his back or African myths about turtles and stuff .	Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ’ s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ’ s what the math says .
Turtles ? Whatever ... Look , all that ’ s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti-particles . At least , that ’ s what the math says .	Math , sheath . What ’ s the evidence ?
Math , sheath . What ’ s the evidence ?	There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH !
There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in the early twentieth century was the first scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe , thus advancing notions of an expanding universe . What would it be expanding from ? Well , the Big Bang ... DUH !	Anyway , it ’ s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ’ s the scientific rigor in that ?
Anyway , it ’ s just a theory . Why do people go around touting theories ? Where ’ s the scientific rigor in that ?	Dude , don ’ t equivocate . A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing . You slept through class , didn ’ t you ?
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ?	I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning
I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning	Does that mean studying all the time ?
Does that mean studying all the time ?	I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors .
I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors .	Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer .
Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer .	You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts
You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts	Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active .
Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active .	Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things .
Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things .	You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French .
You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French .	Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France .
Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France .	Yes , so I want to learn French to develop my career .
How old are you ?	Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday ?
Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday ?	I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th .
I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th .	Are you going to have a birthday party ?
Are you going to have a birthday party ?	Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother .
It smells like an ashtray in here !	Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ?
Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ?	What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking .
What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking .	No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight !
No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight !	Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before .
Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before .	I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?
I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ?	Fine ! I want a divorce !
Why are you shivering ?	It's freezing .
It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy .	I get antsy not because you praise a guy , but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him .
I get antsy not because you praise a guy , but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him .	How come you think of him that way ?
How come you think of him that way ?	Because you seem to have lost your vigilance . You should be on the watch out .
Because you seem to have lost your vigilance . You should be on the watch out .	I have no reason to distrust him . He's never caused any harm .
I have no reason to distrust him . He's never caused any harm .	Isn't there anything that sounds fishy ?
Isn't there anything that sounds fishy ?	Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he's an all-right guy .
Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he's an all-right guy .	All-right guy ? All right . Let's talk about something else instead .
Cheese ! It tastes like cardboard .	I think so . Maybe that ’ s why it ’ s cheap here .
Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ?	Sure , I have . Will you join ?
Sure , I have . Will you join ?	I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere .
I will . You know , as a newcomer , I think it might be a good opportunity to get to know people from the other departments of our company in a more relaxed atmosphere .	You are right . Our company ’ s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking .
You are right . Our company ’ s Christmas party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking .	I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .
I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there .	No , it will not be formal at all . It is a fun time . You will love the game show . Please dress casually . Usually there is an over abandon of drinks , so be careful with that .
